docs: add more content to "Get started" (#298)
bytebase/bytebase.com: content/docs/en/get-started/configure-the-workspace/register-accounts.md

---
title: Register Accounts
---

After deploying Bytebase successfully, you need to register accounts for your team members.

## Register an admin account

> You who registers first after deployment can set up an admin account, and an admin will be granted a **Workspace Owner** role.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The first registered account after deployment will be granted a **Workspace Owner** role.
```

![welcome-page](/docs/en/get-started/configure-the-workspace/register-accounts/welcome-page.webp)

## **Register an account**

After the admin account is created, you can register a normal account and will be granted **Workspace Developer** role.

![normal-account](/docs/en/get-started/configure-the-workspace/register-accounts/normal-account.webp)

## Login with GitLab

> In order to login with Gitlab:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to log in with Gitlab:
```

> 1. In Bytebase, the **Workspace Owner** completes [VCS configuration](http://localhost:64308/docs/use-bytebase/vcs-integration/add-git-provider).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In Bytebase, the **Workspace Owner** completes [VCS configuration](/docs/use-bytebase/vcs-integration/add-git-provider).
```

> 2. In GitLab, set the public email same as register email in Bytebase.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. In GitLab, set the public email the same as the registered email in Bytebase.
```

![gitlab-public-email](/docs/en/get-started/configure-the-workspace/register-accounts/gitlab-public-email.webp)

> This feature is only available in the **Team** or **Enterprise** plan.

Reviewer: Put this first

## Update password

> As a **Workspace Owner**, you can change passwords for **Workspace Developer** and **DBA** accounts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a **Workspace Owner**, you can change passwords for the other accounts.
```

1. Click **Settings** on the top bar.
2. Click **Members** on the left side bar, and you can see the members page.

> 3. Click the name of any account, you will be redirect to the member’s detail page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Click the name of any member, and you will be redirected to that member’s detail page.
```

> 4. Click **Edit**, fill in the **Password** and **Confirm**, and click **Save**. The password is Updated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Click **Edit**, fill in the **Password** and **Confirm**, and click **Save**. The password is updated.
```
